Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
I've told you about
two of the worst decisions
I ever made.
and the damage left behind...
and the people who got hurt.
There is one more story
to tell...
one more bad decision
and this one's all on me.
No.
it wasn't the decision
to go to the party.
Because how could I have known?
But it was the same night.
That same awful night.
Remember that story
I was saving for later?
Well. this is it.
And it's all about you...
Clay.
How in the hell am I supposed
to listen to this?
I think the asshole answer
is you put the headphones on.
the cassette tape in.
and you press play.
That is the asshole answer.
isn't it?
Yeah. but it's true.
I can't
be here.
I can't listen here.
Go.
Yeah. you're going.
What are you doing?
I need you to drive.
Where do you want to go?
Just... Anywhere.
Somewhere else.
Clay. I know
you're asking yourself
why you're on these tapes.
What could you
possibly have done?
What else could have happened
the night of Jessica's party?
Well. good luck
with your fresh start.
Good luck to you. party animal.
I'm digging
this role reversal.
by the way.
Oh. yeah?
You got this rebel
with a cause
thing going on.
Well.
that's me.
Jeff's a good influence
on you.
You think?
I mean. he got you
to go to a party.
You've done that before.
I guess I have.
But not this time.
Part of me was saying.
"Ask me again."
Well. um.
happy homeworking.
Yeah. Thanks.
If you'll excuse me. ma'am.
this rebel is going to
tear out into the night
on his sweet ride.
But part of me was saying.
"Don't go."
Onward!
Not even for Clay.
I should have listened
to that part of me.
See. I never told you. Clay.
but I've always admired you.
You are who you are.
and you don't care.
And I always cared
what other people
thought of me.
as much as
I acted like I didn't.
Is that a boy-girl thing.
or a Clay-Hannah thing?
Well. don't you look nice.
Off to the party?
Uh. is that still okay?
No. of course.
It just started drizzling.
You sure you don't want
a ride?
Of the few things in life
I am sure of.
that is one of them.
Can I get you your rain poncho?
I'm gonna let you
guess the answer.
It's getting colder.
I've got my hoodie. Bye. Mom.
Be safe.
Call me if you need a ride!
Don't do any hard drugs!
Or any drugs.
Okay.
I bet you also wish
you'd never gone to Jessica's.
Right. Clay?
Clay!
Is the party over?
The party hasn't started.
No one's going to be here
for another hour.
Oh.
But I thought...
I heard it started at seven?
Yeah.
And. A. it's 6:55.
and. B. seven really means nine.
Oh. right. I'll come back.
No. no. stay.
You can help.
Do you know how to tap a keg?
Every guy's like.
let's get a keg. and
when it's time to tap it...
I told you it was
the wrong kind of tap.
I got this!
Everybody settle!
I don't really know how to...
Relax.
You can do snacks.
Got it.
Is there any special order
that you want?
Mixed?
All in separate bowls?
Certain things mixed?
Make a choice. Clay.
Be bold.
Dude. You came.
What's up. Jeff?
I've actually
been here for awhile.
You've come a long way. Clay.
I think our work together.
you've made some
real progress.
Right.
Thanks.
I bet you wish
you hadn't invited me.
She coming?
What? Who do you mean?
Okay. man.
Hey. Clay.
Oh. Hey. Alex.
what's up?
It's a party.
so I'm pretending
to have fun.
Yeah.
No. I'm actually here
as part of my ongoing plan.
Gonna hang around
Jessica enough
that she gets annoyed
and falls back in love with me.
I feel there's a logic flaw
in that plan.
It's love. it's not logic.
Hannah! Hannah!
Cool. Hannah came.
Now we can annoy
Jessica together.
Uh. I have to leave.
Hey. hey. hey.
Slow down. man. where you going?
I just. I gotta
get up really early.
Dude. Hannah's here.
She is? That's cool.
Hope she has a nice time.
You need to go in there
and talk to her.
She's talking
to someone else.
She's busy.
That's your cue. man.
That's your cue to cut in.
Take a swing.
A swing?
You've got a fat slider
in your sweet spot.
You've got to swing the bat
through the strike zone
and knock it out.
See. I'm aware those are
baseball terms.
If I'm interpreting correctly.
given my batting average.
I would wind up
with a strikeout
and not a home run.
Very good use
of an extended metaphor.
Oh. fuck me. Jensen!
Get the hell in there. man!
Now. okay?
Now or I'm gonna
kick your ass.
You'd never kick my ass.
Don't tempt me.
How am I tempting you?
Go talk to her. man.
You're the reason she came.
I don't know that.
I think you do.
Go on.
Okay.
Going in. Going in.
I'd talked to you
a million times before.
but tonight was different.
and I didn't know
what to say to you.
But when you finally
came up to me.
you knew just how
to break the ice.
Hey.
You're there on the couch.
So I am.
I mean. you...
You came after all.
I was feeling rebellious.
Ah. So you finished
your homework.
That would sort of be
antithetical to the whole...
Right. right. Yeah.
Uh. do you...
Do you want a drink?
I believe you promised me
a drink. in fact.
And a ride on your bike.
I did. didn't I?
Which is a pretty big deal.
I don't let just anybody
ride my bike.
Well. I look forward to it.
Yeah. me too.
I actually didn't ride
my bike here.
so we can't do that.
So. but I'll go get the drinks.
Yeah. I think I'm gonna come
with you if it's cool.
Cool.
I was so nervous that night.
but you made it seem so...
Easy?
Is she kidding me?
I was shitting myself.
Okay.
But she's not telling
the truth about the way
things happened.
She's telling her truth.
Why do you always act
like you know?
Because I do.
From the tapes.
I know her truth.
So. why do you have
to be here. knowing?
'Cause I don't know
what your truth is.
And I don't know
what's gonna happen
when you find out hers.
Hey. Mom.
Hi. Clay. it's Mom.
Yeah. I just said that.
So you did. Yeah. Uh...
So how was day one
of your suspension?
Did you manage to be productive?
Yeah. no. definitely.
I did some research.
Good. Good.
Listen. you and your dad
are on your own for dinner.
Something came up here.
Something with Hannah's case?
I'll tell you later if I can.
Um...
There's leftover chicken
in the fridge.
and roast beef for sandwiches.
Lainie. Gary Bolan
returning your call.
Listen. I have to go.
so be in touch
with your dad. okay?
Sure.
Bye.
Gary?
Hi.
Listen. the Bakers considered
our offer to settle.
And they've turned it down.
They want to move forward
with the trial.
What. um...
What happened?
Was it the money?
Not enough?
No.
Lainie Jensen thinks
it's this lawyer they got.
He's hungry.
Thinks they could win.
Based off of...
I mean. what do they have?
Hell if I know.
Have we found a smoking gun?
School magazine.
The graffiti.
Yes.
Lainie's concerned
that we painted over it.
says it could be construed
as destroying evidence.
Destroying evidence.
I'm not gonna let the school
go down at the hands
of whatever disturbed
sophomore latched onto
the term "Cum Dumpster."
Okay?
And I'm not gonna let them
pin this on our staff
or on you and Jane and me.
So.
you think that this
is where they're headed?
Apparently.
they've expedited
the subpoenas.
For the kids?
For all of us.
You knew this was coming.
Yeah.
I mean. I suppose I hoped that
it wouldn't get this far.
Those kids.
they've been
through a lot.
They're about to go
through some more.
So. are there any
dinner plans happening. or...
Good idea.
Get me a beer.
If you're hungry. babe.
I'll give you a twenty.
you can go get us a pizza.
We could have
an actual delivery boy
come and bring it.
They cut my cell phone
service off again.
The fuck. Get your dirty ass
feet off my notebook. man.
What. you mean this notebook?
Don't you ever touch me.
Get out of my house.
It's not your house.
You think it's yours?
You pay rent?
Do you?
Jesus. you're like
two little boys.
Put your dicks away.
I want him out.
Either he goes or I go.
I'll get you a beer.
Don't fuck with me. kid.
Hey. it's me. Uh...
Listen. I can't stay
at my house tonight.
Just call me back. okay?
Call me back.
Who's on the phone?
Sheri.
Cheerleading bullshit.
What are we gonna do next?
Hmm. I don't know.
You tell me.
You're the woman
with the taste for danger.
Damn. Justin. get in there!
Oh! Uh...
Okay. personal space!
How's the hot tub at your place?
Hot.
And the beer is cold.
Let's go.
Yeah?
So. let's start with
the part of the party
that I left out.
So. the idea is.
you can have a super power.
but it has a drawback.
For example.
there's the triple take.
You can freeze time when you
want for as long as you want.
but once you unfreeze
everyone else. you're frozen
three times as long.
Okay. and you read this
in a book?
No. I made it up.
For those real life situations
where you wish
you had a super power
to get you out of?
If you had a super power.
what would you want
to use it for?
Well. technically. I'm not
really in a situation
I want to get out of.
Well. what kind of situation
are you in. then?
I'm in a party situation.
And if you could use
a super power right now.
what would you want it to do?
Uh...
I would make
everyone else disappear.
And then what would we do?
Um...
Well...
We would...
Oh!
Did he get you?
Mostly dry.
Do you wanna maybe go...
Say no more.
Um... Let's...
Whoa.
Sure.
It's. uh.
nice of Jeff to force you
to come tonight.
No. he didn't force me.
He. uh.
strongly recommended it.
Didn't he also strongly
recommend you come
to the dance?
No. I lost a bet.
To Jeff?
So the only time
you and I actually ever
get to hang out is
because of Jeff?
No. no. I mean...
Maybe.
Kind of.
But it's strictly coincidental.
If it's strictly coincidental.
then why is he watching us?
I mean. he does take
an interest
in my social life.
Uh-huh. So.
you tutor him in academics.
and he tutors you in...
Girls.
Girl.
Singular.
Hannah!
Clay!
Hey. Troy.
You two are gonna
come over there
and you're gonna play beer pong.
Uh...
Actually. I'm not really
big into sports with balls.
All sports have balls.
Uh. no. actually. they don't.
Oh. they totally don't.
Troy. buddy!
We're gonna leave
these kids alone
for the rest of the night.
And you're beer-ponging.
Whoo!
Beer pong!
Do you want to...
Yeah.
It's. like.
easier to talk at work.
Except for all the people
who want to watch a movie.
Or eat popcorn.
Very annoying.
They should do that
somewhere else.
Don't you think?
I'm thinking of starting
a petition at change.org.
I'm going to contact
my Congressperson.
Yeah.
The thing is. I think
I'm gonna have to quit
working at the Crestmont.
Why?
My parents need me
to work at the store.
Which kind of sucks.
because I really like
working at the Crestmont.
I do too.
What I mean is.
I like working with you.
Well. if you work
at your parents' store.
you won't smell
like burned popcorn.
Yeah.
Do you want to talk in there?
Stop.
I've got to stop.
You want me to stop the car?
No. Yes! No. no.
What does she say next?
I mean. does she say
what she did?
Does she say why?
She does.
So. Justin. Zach. Alex.
they all heard this?
And Ryan and Tyler?
Of course.
I'm just like everyone else.
You have more points
and more rebounds than Justin.
I don't know why
you're not captain.
That's not how they
choose captain. Mom.
I don't even want to be captain.
You're the best player.
That's right.
That's what matters.
Justin's just...
He's just going
through some stuff.
He'll be back.
So. like you do.
you go outside
to work things out.
The bouncer gets in between us.
and this kid pops him
in the face.
He did not. Wow.
Yeah.
So. my job's basically done.
I let the bouncer do his work.
I go back inside to my beer.
Good job.
Alex got into something
the other day.
Yeah. I saw that.
It was nothing.
It was stupid.
Didn't look like nothing.
I've got a family of brawlers.
that's what I got here.
Trying to keep you two
on the right side of the law.
I'll get that.
Your mom's gonna be
glad to see you.
Um. hey?
Look. I'm sorry to...
Can I...
Is it all right
if I crash here tonight?
Seriously?
Yeah. I know. but Jessica. Zach.
they won't answer my texts.
my calls. anything.
Why don't you stay at Bryce's?
I think you know why.
Look. I can sleep in the garage.
No. man. that's weird.
You're not a hobo.
Your parents don't have to know.
I can climb to your window.
Alex. who is it?
Hey. Dad. it's um. Justin.
Is it okay if he
spends the night?
We have some homework
we have to do.
Sure. How you doing. Justin?
Good. sir.
Good. How's the team
this year?
Uh. good. I think
we have a shot this year.
Excellent.
You eat dinner?
Uh... No. not yet.
Come on in.
We got leftovers.
we got steak.
we got all the fixings.
Have you met Peter before?
Pam.
Working late.
You too.
Hey. I got Gary's e-mail
about the Baker lawsuit.
We might be deposed?
Yeah. the lawyers think
it's likely.
Likely? Wow.
Are you concerned about
something in particular?
Listen. it might be nothing.
but last year.
at the end of the year.
we had an anonymous note
for me. for the class.
It didn't mention
suicide specifically.
but it was someone
who was despondent.
Now I'm wondering
if it was written by Hannah.
Do you have reason
to believe it was?
Clay Jensen said it was.
Clay Jensen?
When did he say this?
Just a few days ago.
He didn't say
why he thought
that way. but...
Did you ask him?
I intended to.
but he's out for three days.
Yeah.
We should see what we can
find out when he gets back.
or if you hear anything else
from the other kids.
For the lawsuit?
For the lawsuit. for the kids.
and. unless someone asks.
it might be best
not to be sharing this.
Sure. you're right.
Yeah.
Let me know
if you hear anything else.
Of course.
My wife. I'm late again.
Hey. man. you could choke. so...
So. like. don't choke.
This steak is the shit.
Your dad cooks?
My mom cooks.
My dad. he grills.
It's so fucking good!
Yeah.
Where is your mom?
She's at the hospital.
She does four days on. four off.
They're 12-hour shifts.
Jess. what took you so long?
Seriously. Justin.
now you're all concerned
about what I'm doing?
I'm sorry about today.
Is that Justy?
Are you with Bryce?
What the hell are you doing?
We're hanging out at his place.
Tell him to get over here!
Who else is there?
Is anyone else there with you?
Who are you. my dad?
Come meet me at Alex's.
I gotta go. Justin.
Jess. do not hang up.
Hey. what's going on?
We need to go to Bryce's.
Can you drive?
I need to throw up.
Okay.
I don't have anything
to throw up.
You need some food.
So I can throw it up?
So you can settle the fuck down.
My mother used to say:
"Primero comemos.
entonces lo demas."
That means. "first we eat.
then we do everything else."
I'll bet she's big on breakfast.
I've got
a prosciutto mozzarella
with red peppers.
Thank you.
And a plain turkey
with a tiny dab of mayo.
and an even tinier dab
of mustard.
Thank you.
No triple Americano for you?
No. I'll just...
I'll just get some water
or something.
Oh. my God. Sit.
I'll get it.
Wow.
She doesn't do that for anybody.
I'm ready to keep listening.
We don't have to waste
more time.
Eat your food.
I can't.
Don't act like a child. Eat.
Stop talking like my grandpa.
You need to be
in the right headspace.
How can I be
in the right headspace
to find out why I caused
a girl to kill herself?
Thank you.
Wow.
Rough night?
He's working through some shit.
I can see that.
He's got existential crisis
written on his forehead.
I do not.
There's some truth
you don't want to face.
Why did you say that?
I see the future.
You know that.
I told you your fortune
in 7th grade.
You predicted I wouldn't
be 5' 2" forever.
How tall are you now?
See?
Ooh...
La bruja.
That's right.
I got my cards here.
if you want a reading.
I'm good.
Maybe there's even
a message from beyond.
What are you saying?
Take a reading
and you'll find out.
All right.
Seriously?
Don't mock what you don't know.
I am Catholic.
I know all about
this mystical bullshit.
First you shuffle.
Is this so I know
you're not cheating?
There's no winning or losing.
You shuffle to transfer
your energy to the cards.
Now cut the deck.
So. uh.
what do the cards say?
This one. nine of wands.
but it's reversed.
which means you feel
the world is against you.
Really?
Seems right.
Like accusing people
of ratting you out.
I didn't mean to...
The hermit.
Also reversed.
You're isolated. Alone.
Big deal.
Everybody's alone.
A very un-Clay Jensen
thing to say.
Ten of swords.
You keep falling back
into the pain of the past.
You can't face your sadness.
your fear. You can't move on.
What the hell are you doing?
Page of cups.
You're talking about Hannah.
The cards are showing
someone struggling inside.
Tortured.
Emotionally.
Why are you so pissed at me?
I'm just reading your cards.
I don't get how you're mad
at me. You stopped talking
to me freshman year.
Really? First day of school.
you didn't see me then
turn the other way?
Well. I didn't know what to say.
How about. "Hey.
Skye. how's it going?"
You just...
You changed.
Yeah. so did you.
You used to be cool.
You used to be nice.
We can't all be
nice girls like Sheri.
Or Hannah.
Why talk shit about Hannah?
What did she do to you?
Besides ignore me?
You were jealous of her.
Why would I be jealous
of a dead girl?
What she did was stupid.
You don't know
anything about it.
She didn't go through anything
different than any of us.
We all get through it.
Yeah?
Then what's that?
It's what you do
instead of killing yourself.
Suicide is for the weak.
I mean. what a...
What a bitch!
Wow.
Well. she is!
I never heard you use
that word before.
She doesn't know what was
going on in Hannah's life.
You don't know
what's going on in hers.
Would you.
you know. shut up. Tony?
I get so sick
of your little sayings.
and things you point out.
acting all wise.
You're like this unhelpful Yoda.
Is that a crack on my height?
Whoa. whoa. hold on a minute.
Why?
Headspace. Headspace.
Unhelpful Yoda.
Just let me out.
I'm not gonna leave you alone.
I will let you get some air.
I know a place.
Shh...
Hey.
Kevin. where have you been?
I've been texting
and calling for hours.
I had the ringer off.
What's going on?
You were supposed to
relieve the sitter.
I had parent conferences today.
She left the house a mess.
First time in two hours
this baby's stopped crying.
I'm afraid to put him down.
I'll take him.
If he gets upset again...
He won't. Come on. baby.
Come on. All right.
Okay. buddy.
Is he teething?
I don't know.
but I've got drool
all the way down my back.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry about tonight.
you know.
But the pressure
is on me at school
right now.
You need to find a balance.
Take some pressure off of you.
I could lose my job.
You're not gonna lose your job.
How do you know?
Babe.
you had no idea
that girl was suffering.
You can't blame yourself
for what she did.
What if I could?
I know you can't.
Now I'll let you out.
It's fine in here.
Okay.
I'll be right here
if you need me.
What?
She has a rock collection
from when she was little.
She used to water them
and treat them as pets.
How do you know?
We were friends
at the beginning
of last year.
It was fun while it lasted.
I didn't know
you guys were friends.
She's so popular.
Yes. thank you. Clay.
Well. no. I mean...
No. it's...
I know what you mean.
Yeah. but she can actually
be pretty cool and funny.
I mean. she still has her rocks.
Yes.
I guess an advantage of pet
rocks is that they don't die.
Mmm. Yeah.
They don't eat too much.
And they don't crap
on the floor.
Oh. I'm killing her pets.
What's that one's name?
I think we should
name him Stone.
Is that his first name
or last name?
Both.
His name is Stone Stone.
Stone Stone.
Yeah.
Oh. my God.
Your name is Clay.
Yes.
It is. and I've heard
all the jokes.
Really?
All the jokes
in the universe. ever?
All of them.
That's impressive.
I like the name Clay.
I like the name Hannah.
♪ I had a dream
that you were mine
♪ I've had that dream
♪ A thousand times...
At that moment
everything was perfect.
And for the first time
in a long time
I could imagine a future
where I was happy.
♪ I left my room...
How good life could be.
♪ I walked from noon
♪ Until the night
♪ I changed my crowd
♪ I ditched my tie
♪ I watched the sparks
♪ Fly off the fire
And I know you felt it too.
♪ I didn't even try
♪ They'd closed the shutters
♪ They'd pulled the blinds
♪ My eyes are red
♪ The streets are bright...
This okay?
Yeah. More than okay.
♪ Were black and white
♪ The 10th of November
♪ The year's almost over... ♪
I wanted you to do
everything you were doing.
so I don't know why my mind
took me everywhere else.
And I thought
of every other guy.
- Did Justin finger you?
- I bet you went down on him.
Sometimes it's better to wait.
I mean. you made the hot list.
They said you had the best...
I hear you two
like a guy between you.
Did Justin finger you?
I bet you went down on him.
And they all became you.
Sometimes it's better to wait.
Thought you were easy.
Stop it!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
No. just stop. okay?
Did I hurt you?
No. just don't.
I mean. what...
What happened?
I thought it was okay.
Hannah. I'm so sorry...
Just leave me alone.
Okay. just leave me alone. Clay.
You should just go.
Part of me was saying...
"Please don't leave."
Part of me never wanted
to see you again.
You all right?
I don't want you here.
Get out.
Hannah...
Get the fuck out!
But you walked out the door.
like I told you to.
Why did you have to leave?
It was the worst thing ever.
And then it got worse.
Clay...
Helmet.
your name does not belong
on this list.
But you need to be here
if I'm going to tell my story.
If I'm going to explain
why I did what I did.
Because you aren't
every other guy.
You're different.
You're good and kind
and decent.
And I didn't deserve to be
with someone like you.
No.
I never would.
I would have ruined you.
It wasn't you.
It was me
and everything that's
happened to me.
Goddamn it!
You knew.
Whoa...
You knew all along.
Knew what?
That all of this is my fault.
How did I know that?
I. I just left Hannah.
I left her there.
She needed me.
and I walked away.
You were doing what
she told you to do.
No. I ran.
I was scared.
I thought it was
something I had done
or something
I didn't understand.
because I'm this fucking loser
who doesn't know
anything about girls
or about life or anything.
So all of this is your fault?
I left!
I knew I shouldn't have left.
And then Bryce raped Jessica.
Hannah saw.
then Sheri knocked
down the stop sign.
then Jeff died.
and it all started with me!
Clay.
I think you gotta get back
from that edge.
Why?
Why shouldn't I just jump.
just let go?
So you can die?
Reunite with Hannah forever?
Fuck you. Tony.
You think you could have
changed anything?
What does that
make you? God?
I should have stayed
with Hannah.
She told you to go.
I should've told her.
should've said...
What?
You think you could have
changed any of this?
I could have said...
"I'm not going."
She said. "Get the hell
out of here."
No. No. I won't go.
Get out.
No.
Get the fuck out!
Not until you tell me
what's wrong.
Leave me alone!
Okay. just leave me alone. Clay.
You should just go.
I thought it was okay.
I don't want you here.
Get out.
Hannah...
Get the fuck out!
Okay. I'll go.
But tell me
what's going on. okay?
Tell me what's wrong.
You don't want to be with me.
But I do.
I really do.
You know what people will say?
No.
And I don't care.
Because it's easy
for you. right?
Because you're not
the class slut.
Don't say that.
Everybody says it!
I don't say it.
Yes. you did.
When you saw that picture!
I didn't believe it.
I was angry
for a minute because...
Because I was jealous of Justin.
And I was mad at you
for wanting him and not me.
And I was an asshole.
and I'm sorry.
And I can never make it right.
I can never say
all this to you. but...
I love you.
And I will never hurt you.
Clay.
I'm not going.
Not now.
Not ever.
I love you. Hannah.
Why didn't you say this to me
when I was alive?
I couldn't...
I couldn't tell her.
I couldn't hold her.
I killed Hannah Baker.
Like you said.
I said we all killed Hannah.
How am I supposed to
live with that?
Any way you can.
Again and again!
Just take the money.
And fucking again.
What? Yeah. that's mine.
That's. like. twice.
This is embarrassing
at this point.
You want to rub it in now?
You finally win. once!
I am so fucking rich!
Whatever.
Justy! Alex!
About fucking time. you guys.
These cards
are getting stale.
Come on. sit down.
Jess and I had
this thing planned.
No. we don't.
We were gonna get late dinner.
Let's go.
When did you tell me
about dinner?
Was that before or after
you walked out on me today?
Oh.
Justin. sounds like
you'd better
make it up to her
by losing a few hands.
Come on. sit.
All right. well. uh.
the game is Texas Hold 'Em.
Five dollar ante.
five dollar minimum bet.
Don't worry I got you staked.
Your girlfriend's been
playing with my money
all night anyway.
Alex. sit down.
No. I'm good.
I hate poker.
No. you have to play.
Everybody's playing. Come on.
Here.
Whoa.
Jess. what the fuck?
Your deal.
I don't want to
fuckin' play cards.
I said your deal!
Jess.
Shit.
Fuck it!
Let's go.
Jess. I said let's go.
Come on.
What the fuck. Justin!
Shit.
We're leaving now.
I don't want you
hanging out here again.
Don't touch me like that!
Don't you ever
touch me like that!
Buddy. calm down.
Stay the fuck away from her.
What is your problem. Justin?
Guys. this does not
need to happen.
Maybe it does.
What are you doing here?
What are you doing
here with him?
We're just having fun.
Why the fuck are you
here with Bryce?
Why do you care?
Tell me!
Tell her. Justin.
Alex.
Let's go.
Tell me why you care.
Tell me why you fucking care!
Because he fucking raped you!
Justin. brother...
I'm not your brother.
Stop. Enough.
I should kill you.
you son of a bitch!
I should fucking kill you!
Let me fucking go!
Stop.
I hate you.
What the fuck did you just do?
You are the most
beautiful woman
in this family.
You're not gonna do anything
stupid tonight. are you?
No.
Promise me?
I promise.
Hey.
You asked earlier
about Hannah's case.
but I couldn't talk.
The Bakers' lawyer got a judge
to fast-track the case.
The school offered a settlement.
The Bakers turned it down today.
Things are going to be moving
quickly from now on.
To trial?
Bakers' lawyer will be
issuing deposition
subpoenas right away.
Got a copy of his list tonight.
A number of your
classmates are on it.
So are you.
So I'll have to testify.
It's really just an interview.
And I'll prepare you.
Coach me on what to say?
No.
Prepare you for what kind of
questions they'll be asking.
Which will mostly have to do
with your relationship
with Hannah Baker.
And the more we know
before the depo.
the easier it will be.
Mom.
I promise
I'll tell you everything.
but not yet.
♪ Today I talked
to a semi-stranger
♪ A girl that I sorta know
♪ But every encounter
♪ At the corner grocery
♪ Holds potential for
Our relationship to grow
♪ Half of my brain
♪ Was totally afraid
♪ That she'd hate me
♪ Never want to see me again
♪ Half of my brain
♪ Was equally afraid
♪ That she'd like me
♪ Want to be my friend
♪ I
♪ Am learning to love
♪ Am learning to let
♪ Myself be loved
♪ How did I miss this lesson
When I was young?
♪ Yesterday I was
anxious and alone
♪ So I called a friend
♪ To make me feel okay
♪ And for a moment
♪ I found myself angry at him
For offering help
♪ When I should have just
been grateful
♪ For what
♪ He gave
♪ I
♪ Am learning to love
♪ Am learning to let... ♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today